All right.
So what we have here for is tandem repeat is we're trying to find out if we cut our string down the
middle if both sides are essentially going to be the same if we cut them in the middle and we can get
them back together.
Will it make our original work.
That's what is tandem repeat is about here.
You'll see here with QQQ.
It won't because it's odd and you can't have all values passing.
And for here if we cut it down it's also odd it wouldn't be the same no matter how we slice it.
But tandem in tandem if we cut tandem we get tandem in tandem and that would the both halves would equal
each other.
And that's what we're trying to do here.
So my hat for you is how you slice this the only method the rest of it just pretty much pure logic.
Let's go ahead and jump into it.
All right so the way that I solved this was I essentially got the length of the input string and then
I sliced off the first half I sliced off the second half and I made a comparison here and like so.
So we're used to a great constant and we'll just call this word Liath.
Nothing too crazy.
Course is equal to input string.
Excellent.
Now that we have that ladies we're going to do a statement here.
So if word length modulo two is equal equal to zero meaning that there is an even amount of letters
here because that's when we want to do our check if it doesn't equal 0 we go ahead and just return false
because we already know that you can't cut anything a letter in half right.
So all those odd values are going to be returning false instantly.
Now here we're doing our check where we're going to get the first half of this first half.
And this is going to be equal to the input string slice on the zero index.
And then the word length divided by two.
Now in theory we'll refactor this ever so slightly so we're going to do the second half now.
And we're so equal to input string dot slice and we're going to do the first half here where it's going
to be word line divided by two the word length for the entire world.
So one thing that we could do if we wanted we could get half the length here.
I think this is fine.
Normally I would be as crazy as it sounds because it's repeated the logic.
Well we have two and one from the other but we have unit test in the background it's not going to matter.
But all we're going to do now anyhow.
Now that we have the first half a second half
we're going to make a comparison.
We want to see if they in fact are equal if they are then they can go in tandem they do go in tandem
four are even variables.
That's it at the end of the are a pretty quick one.